Lookup functions in Excel mean referencing a cell to match values in another row or column against the cell and thereby retrieving the corresponding results from the respective rows and columns.
In data analysis applications, such as image processing, a lookup table (LUT) is used to transform the input data into a more desirable output format. For example, a grayscale picture of the planet Saturn will be transformed into a color image to emphasize the differences in its rings.
Using the asterisk on both sides of the lookup value tells Excel that it needs to look for any text that contains the word in C2. It could have any number of characters before or after the text in C2. For example, cell C2 has ABC, so the VLOOKUP function looks through the names in A2:A8 and searches for ABC.
when you need to look in a single row or column and find a value from the same position in a second row or column. For example, let's say you know the part number for an auto part, but you don't know the price.
ookup functions in Excel mean referencing a cell to match values in another row or column against the cell and thereby retrieving the corresponding results from the respective rows and columns.
In data analysis applications, such as image processing, a lookup table (LUT) is used to transform the input data into a more desirable output format. For example, a grayscale picture of the planet Saturn will be transformed into a color image to emphasize the differences in its rings.
Formatting in Excel means a trick that we can use to modify the data's appearance in a worksheet. We can format the data in various ways, like we can format the font of the cells or the table with the help of the styles and format tab present in the Home tab.
For example, the formula “=TEXT(“10/2/2022″,”mmmm dd, yyyy”)” returns February 10, 2022. Exclude the beginning and ending double quotation marks while entering this formula in Excel. The purpose of using the TEXT function in Excel is to display a number in the desired format.
A string is any series of characters that are interpreted literally by a script. For example, "hello world" and "LKJH019283" are both examples of strings. In computer programming, a string is attached to a variable as shown in the example below.
Use the IF function, one of the logical functions, to return one value if a condition is true and another value if it's false. For example: =IF(A2>B2,"Over Budget","OK") =IF(A2=B2,B4-A4,"")
Select the first entry in your "Expenses" column, press and hold the "Shift" key, select the last expense item in the same column, then press the "Enter" key to calculate your total expenses.
Click the cell that you want to use to calculate your total in the income column, select the list arrow, and then choose the Sum calculation. There are now totals for the income and the expenses. When you have a new income or expense to add, click and drag the blue resize handle in the bottom-right corner of the table.
STEP : 1. First go to file menu and choose new sub menu and select work sheet option and click ok. STEP : 2. Enter the fields Reg No, students name, subject-Tamil, English, Maths, Science, Social, Total, Average, Result and grade.
For calculating Average Marks, we will use the AVERAGE function. The syntax for the AVERAGE function is the same as the SUM function. This function returns the average of its arguments. We can pass arguments to this function in the same way as we pass arguments to the SUM function.
Enter the formula =C2/B2 in cell D2, and copy it down to as many rows as you need. Click the Percent Style button (Home tab > Number group) to display the resulting decimal fractions as percentages. Remember to increase the number of decimal places 
In order to find the percentage of the marks, we divide the total scores with marks obtained in the examination and then multiply the result with 100. Example: Suppose if 1156 is the total score obtained by you in the examination out of 1200 marks, then you divide 1156 by 1200, and then multiply it by 100.
